damn tailpipes not hot enough to like
this relax okay I can get this open
anybody got a coat hanger oh I do oh no
wait a minute I took it out of my shirt
when I put it on this morning so if your
parents hadn't got divorced you'd be
able to answer a question like a normal
person look I just need a wire something
too Jimmy
oh hey one of you guys give me the
underwire from your bra on who has the
biggest boobs
what has the biggest boobs has the
biggest bra therefore has the biggest
wire if you want to get back in the car
we need that wire your call okay
Monica's are the biggest these tiny
little non breasts please
gotta be Rachel well no no no mine are
deceptively small I mean I actually
sometimes stuff my bra all right well
then your bra would still be big no I
stuff outside let's just compromise okay
Phoebe Rachel take off Monica's bra
forget it yeah mine Chandler what are
you doing there is a trash can right
there well I thought fine same
okay bear yeah Thank You Phoebe that's
very very generous okay
now let's decide about the nicest ass
there you go Caesar need let me smoke it
to the good part
no what what what's going on yeah this
has happened before so you know how to
fix it
yep put more gas in